[custom_ops] expose torch.library.register_torch_dispatch (#130261)
pytorch/pytorch: docs/source/notes/extending.rst

You can find many examples of ``__torch_dispatch__``-based subclasses in the `subclass zoo <https://github.com/albanD/subclass_zoo>`_ repo.

.. _torch-dispatch-calling-convention:

``__torch_dispatch__`` calling convention
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: python

    @classmethod
    def __torch_dispatch__(cls, func, types, args=(), kwargs=None):
        pass

When a user calls an operator with inputs that have ``__torch_dispatch__``, that call
may be forwarded to the ``__torch_dispatch__``. args and kwargs get normalized before
the call to ``__torch_dispatch__``, that is:

> - the ``kwargs`` consist of keyword-only arguments in the operator's schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the ``kwargs`` consist of keyword-only arguments in the operator's schema, it is only passed if it is not equal to the default value provided in the schema.
```

Reviewer: Or something similar.

> - the ``args`` consists of all other arguments, no matter how they were called

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the ``args`` consists of all other arguments, no matter how they were passed to the op
```
